Hello this video for the site hike
Ural
school of survival is not the situation of
real life here i am now
here on such a mountain plateau around on
many many kilometers
there is not a soul here here we see grazing
horse and where there's far here
see a lonely house is kilometers
probably 30 35 from here and near
settlement over there behind the ridge somewhere there
here I have no bridle
saddles suppose just assume that
Now I can catch this horse I
I will try without a bridle and saddle on it though
but a few meters
the horse is kicked
so then go here whom I will give birth
like that and he starts kicking
here
bo 7 madly survival school will
learn to ride horses